we are back with Michelle Darnell the
richest woman in America let's talk
about you for a second great it's my
favorite subject we came across this
tape the other day with your mentor I to
Marquette Michelle Darnell's a
natural-born Oh a
a nasty
stain and a sewer rat
we're great friends I run your operation
while being a single mom I deserve a pay
raise you have a child yeah
but that's from intercourse yes somebody
you place you under arrest for
insider trading you're at bankrupt all
your accounts have been frozen clear get
me a new lawyer you don't have any money
you stupid ginger you can stay here
until you get back on your feet this
morning I'm meeting with old colleague
Carl how's that old ball and chain Pam
passed away nobody here at this table
likes you so thank you very much and
goodbye
you know what I made your career and Pam
was a she your way through
the whole IT department the lowest
weirdest saddest guys go to hell
Michelle when I get to hell I'll tell
Pam you said hello cuz she's probably
down there IT guys so you need
to get off the couch
take Rachel to her dandelions meeting
arch who came in with 189 thousand
dollars
holy what is this this is my way
back we are gonna start a brownie Empire
we want some good recruits what are you
looking at Krista Delvecchio you know
the train wrecks always have stripper
names
Mariana Guterres she looks Brazilian
that's a deadly Bunch
you better run
my name is Michelle Darnell and this is
my partner and I don't mean partner like
girl-on-girl stuff
let's go girls something you're gonna
dabble with in college but not stick
with I know
don't tell less your Hannah I think it's
gonna fit you like a glove company
Claire what do we say if somebody
doesn't want to buy my brownies I'll
kill you don't say that this is
where dandelion self ditch Michelle you
have to get out of the bed oh my god I'm
self-tanning I can't see your vagina
your pelvic region is the color of curly
[Music]